# CanSat-Dummy-Telemetry-Generator
Dummy sensor and telemetry data generator to test Ground Control Software for CanSat 2020.

## The format

'TEAM ID','MISSION TIME','PACKET COUNT','ALTITUDE','PRESSURE','TEMP','VOLTAGE','GPS TIME','GPS LATITUDE','GPS LONGITUDE','GPSALTITUDE','GPS SATS','AIR SPEED','SOFTWARE STATE','PARTICLE COUNT'

* 'TEAM ID' is the assigned team identification.
* 'MISSION TIME' is the time since initial power up in seconds.
* 'PACKET COUNT' is the count of transmitted packets, which is to be maintained through processor reset.
* 'ALTITUDE' is the altitude in units of meters and must be relative to ground level. The resolution must be 0.1 meters.
* 'PRESSURE' is the measurement of atmospheric pressure in units of pascals. There solution must be 1 pascals.
* 'TEMP' is the sensed temperature in degrees C with one tenth of a degree resolution.
* 'VOLTAGE' is the voltage of the CanSat power bus. The resolution must be 0.01 volts.
* 'GPS TIME' is the time generated by the GPS receiver. The time must be reported in UTC and have a resolution of a second.
* 'GPS LATITUDE' is the latitude generated by the GPS receiver in decimal degrees with a resolution of 0.0001 degrees.
* 'GPS LONGITUDE' is the longitude generated by the GPS receiver in decimal degrees with a resolution of 0.0001 degrees.
* 'GPS ALTITUDE' is the altitude generated by the GPS receiver in meters abovemean sea level with a resolution of 0.1 meters.
* 'GPS SATS' is the number of GPS satellites being tracked by the GPS receiver. This must be an integer number.
* 'AIR SPEED' is the air speed relative to the payload in meters/second.
* 'SOFTWARE STATE' is the operating state of the software. (boot, idle, launch detect, deploy, etc.)
* 'PARTICLE COUNT' is a decimal value representing the measured particle count in mg/m^3.